now Adam knew Eve his wife and she
conceived and bore Cain I have acquired
a man from the Lord then she bought
again this time his brother Abel now
Abel was a keeper of sheep but Cain was
a tiller of the ground and in the
process of time it came to pass that
Cain brought an offering of the fruit of
the ground to the Lord
Abel also brought of the firstborn of
his flock and of their fat and the Lord
respected Abel and his offering but he
did not respect Cain and his offering
and Cain was very angry and his
countenance fell so the Lord said to
Cain why are you angry and why has your
countenance fallen if you do well will
you not be accepted and if you do not do
well sin lies at the door and its desire
is for you
but you should rule over it now Cain
talked with Abel his brother and it came
to pass when they were in the field that
Cain rose up against Abel his brother
and killed him
then the Lord said to Cain where is Abel
your brother I do not know
am I my brother's keeper what have you
done the voice of your brother's blood
cries out to me from the ground so now
you are cursed from the earth which has
opened its mouth to receive your
brother's blood from why when you till
the ground it shall no longer yield its
strength to you a fugitive and a
vagabond you shall be on the earth
my punishment is greater than I can bear
surely you have driven me out this day
from the face of the ground I shall be
hidden from your face I shall be a
fugitive and a vagabond on the earth and
it will happen that anyone who finds me
will kill me therefore whoever kills
Cain vengeance shall be taken on him
Sevenfold and the Lord said a mark on
Cain lest anyone finding him should kill
him then Cain went out from the presence
of the Lord and dwelt in the Land of Nod
on the East of Eden
[Music]
and Cain knew his wife and she conceived
and bore Enoch and he built a city and
called the name of the city after the
name of his son Enoch - Enoch was born
irad and irad begat ma who Jia and Maru
GL begat methuselah and Bethel begat
lamech then Lamech took for himself two
wives the name of one was Adah and the
name of the second was Zilla and ada
bought
Jabil he was the father of those who
dwell in tents and have livestock his
brother's name was Jubal he was the
father of all those who play the harp
and flute and as for Zilla she also
bought tubal-cain an instructor of every
craftsman in bronze and iron and the
sister of tubal-cain
was named then Lamech said to his wives
Adah and Zillah
hear my voice wives of Lamech listened
to my speech for I have killed a man for
wounding me even a young man for hurting
me if Cain shall be Avenged Sevenfold
then Lamech seventy seven fold and Adam
knew his wife again and she bore a son
and named him Seth for God has appointed
another seed for me instead of Abel whom
Cain killed and as for Seth to him also
a son was born
and he named him Enoch then men began to
call on the name of the Lord